docs: included changes ported from the butler version (#6)
brown-ccv/honeycomb-docs: docs/configuration.md

Honeycomb uses environment variables during build and run time to control the different configurations. Below we list the  environment variables used by the app and indicate whether they are mandatory, optional and needed during build (`npm build`) or run time (using the application executable or `npm run dev`)

> * `ELECTRON_START_URL` ![string](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![optional](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow): URL (e.g. `http://localhost:3000`) where the front end of the app is being hosted - also used in `electron.js` to indicate the app is running in dev mode

Reviewer: remove the `optional` badge

Author: Is this for ELECTRON_START_URL, EVENT_MARKER_PRODUCT_ID, and EVENT_MARKER_COM_NAME?

Reviewer 2: those are optional though, so I think that badge is appropriate, but there shouldn't be any with both optional and default.

Reviewer: huh... I think of anything having a default as optional. I think of something required as throwing an error if missing. And from what I get here, everything is optional

Reviewer: If not set, no default is shown (blank input box)  maybe could change to
If not set, user will need to enter the value in the provided input box

* `EVENT_MARKER_PRODUCT_ID`![string](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![optional](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![runtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The product ID of the event marker (e.g. `0487`).  If not set, it will use the `productID` set in `public/config/trigger.js` if available, or attempt to connect using the com name.

> * `EVENT_MARKER_COM_NAME` ![string](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![optional](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![runtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The com name of the event marker (e.g. `COM3`). If not set, it will use the `comName` set in `public/config/trigger.js`.  If the productID is set (not an empty string), this field will be ignored.

Reviewer: The values with the optional badge don't have defaults?

Author: I think the default is mentioned in the text, it's kind of complicated to put in a badge I think.

Reviewer 2: I think the current state is fine, the defaults aren't a straightforward value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `EVENT_MARKER_COM_NAME` ![string](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![optional](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![runtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The com name of the event marker (e.g. `COM3`). If not set, it will use the `comName` set in `public/config/trigger.js`.  If the `productID` is set (not an empty string), this field will be ignored.
```

Honeycomb uses environment variables during build and run time to control the different configurations. Below we list the  environment variables used by the app and indicate whether they are mandatory, optional and needed during build (`npm build`) or run time (using the application executable or `npm run dev`)

> * `ELECTRON_START_URL` ![string](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![optional](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow): URL (e.g. `http://localhost:3000`) where the front end of the app is being hosted - also used in `electron.js` to indicate the app is running in dev mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `ELECTRON_START_URL` ![string](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![optional](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow): URL (e.g. `http://localhost:3000`) where the front end of the app is being hosted - also used in `electron.js` to indicate the app is running in dev mode.
```

* `REACT_APP_USE_PHOTODIODE`![boolean](https://img.shields.io/badge/-boolean-lightgrey)![default false](https://img.shields.io/badge/default-false-yellow)![buildtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-buildtime-blue): whether the photodiode is in use. This can be used when the task is running as a desktop app (electron).
* `REACT_APP_PARTICIPANT_ID` ![string](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![optional](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![runtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The default participant id to show when authorizing a participant.  If not set, no default is shown (blank input box).
* `REACT_APP_STUDY_ID` ![string](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![optional](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![runtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The default study id to show when authorizing a participant.  If not set, no default is shown (blank input box).

> Here are the clarafication for some of the badges:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here are details on some of the badges:
```

> - ![runtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): Run-time environment variable. Set at the system level. Follow [these](https://www.imatest.com/docs/editing-system-environment-variables/#Windows) for OS specific instructions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ![runtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): Run-time environment variable. Set at the system level. See [this tutorial for OS specific instructions.](https://www.imatest.com/docs/editing-system-environment-variables/#Windows)
```

- ![buildtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-buildtime-blue): Build-time environment variable. Set in a `.env` file before building. Can also be defined in a separate file under the `env/` directory and called with the dotenv-cli before building.
```

> dotenv -e env/<your env file> <your command>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dotenv -e env/<your env file> npm run build
```

Reviewer 2: does this command make sense given the buildtime context? (is it correct?)

* `ELECTRON_START_URL` ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow): URL (e.g. `http://localhost:3000`) where the front end of the app is being hosted - also used in `electron.js` to indicate the app is running in dev mode
* `EVENT_MARKER_PRODUCT_ID`![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The product ID of the event marker (e.g. `0487`).  If not set, it will use the `productID` set in `public/config/trigger.js` if available, or attempt to connect using the com name.
* `EVENT_MARKER_COM_NAME` ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The com name of the event marker (e.g. `COM3`). If not set, it will use the `comName` set in `public/config/trigger.js`.  If the productID is set (not an empty string), this field will be ignored.

> * `REACT_APP_VOLUME`![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-boolean-lightgrey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-buildtime-blue): whether the participant is being asked to adjust volume. This can be used on both the desktop (electron) and online settings. Not defining this variable is equivalent to setting it to `false`. 

Reviewer 2: should all of these env vars have the optional badge (is there a non-optional env var?)

Reviewer: How about changing the optional badge be changed to default value?

Author: How would a default badge work?

Reviewer: You write a link with the made up URL e.g https://img.shields.io/badge/default-false-yellow ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/default-false-yellow)

Author: Do I still have to write the "Not defining this variable is equivalent to setting it to `false`. " in this case?

Reviewer: Not necessary then

Reviewer 2: Agreed, but I'd add the alt text for all of these badges so it's more accessible (e.g. `![default false](https://img.shields.io/badge/default-false-yellow)`)

Reviewer 2: same for the runtime/buildtime and any other badges if we aren't reiterating that info in the description

* `ELECTRON_START_URL` ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow): URL (e.g. `http://localhost:3000`) where the front end of the app is being hosted - also used in `electron.js` to indicate the app is running in dev mode
* `EVENT_MARKER_PRODUCT_ID`![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The product ID of the event marker (e.g. `0487`).  If not set, it will use the `productID` set in `public/config/trigger.js` if available, or attempt to connect using the com name.
* `EVENT_MARKER_COM_NAME` ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The com name of the event marker (e.g. `COM3`). If not set, it will use the `comName` set in `public/config/trigger.js`.  If the productID is set (not an empty string), this field will be ignored.

> * `REACT_APP_VOLUME`![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-boolean-lightgrey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-buildtime-blue): whether the participant is being asked to adjust volume. This can be used in both clinic and home version. Not defining this variable is equivalent to setting it to `false`. Build-time and run-time values need to be the same.

Reviewer 2: I think this all of these react app env vars besides participant and study id are only build time, not also runtime

Reviewer 2: Or maybe not - test it?

Author: I think they are both, since there are features in the app that calls those variables. REACT_APP_AT_HOME from before is similar right, and it is both runtime and buildtime.

> * `REACT_APP_VOLUME`![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-boolean-lightgrey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-buildtime-blue): whether the participant is being asked to adjust volume. This can be used when the task is running as a desktop app (electron). Not defining this variable is equivalent to setting it to `false`. Build-time and run-time values need to be the same.

Reviewer 2: for volume, since that doesn't rely on electron, do the build time and run time values actually need to be the same?

Reviewer 2: Actually, this might be build time only - https://create-react-app.dev/docs/adding-custom-environment-variables/ I think only env vars we read on the electron side can be runtime.  Can you verify this behavior?

> * `REACT_APP_AT_VIDEO`![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-boolean-lightgrey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-buildtime-blue): whether the participant is being video recorded. TThis can be used when the task is running as a desktop app (electron). Not defining this variable is equivalent to setting it to `false`. Build-time and run-time values need to be the same.

Reviewer 2: the `AT` in these environment variables looks off to me - copy/paste error?

Reviewer 2: also, `TThis` => `This`

> * `REACT_APP_AT_USE_EVENT_MARKER`![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-boolean-lightgrey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-buildtime-blue): whether the event marker/EEG is available. This is used only in clinic mode. Not defining this variable is equivalent to setting it to `false`. Build-time and run-time values need to be the same.

Reviewer 2: instead of "clinic mode" change to "run as a desktop app (electron)".

* `REACT_APP_USE_PHOTODIODE`![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-boolean-lightgrey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-buildtime-blue): whether the photodiode is in use. This can be used when the task is running as a desktop app (electron). Not defining this variable is equivalent to setting it to `false`. Build-time and run-time values need to be the same.
* `REACT_APP_PARTICIPANT_ID` ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The default participant id to show when authorizing a participant.  If not set, no default is shown (blank input box).
* `REACT_APP_STUDY_ID` ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The default study id to show when authorizing a participant.  If not set, no default is shown (blank input box).

> Environment variables can also be defined in a separate file under the `env/` directory and called with the dotenv-cli.

Reviewer: Change `Environment variables` to `Build-time environment variables`

* `ELECTRON_START_URL` ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow): URL (e.g. `http://localhost:3000`) where the front end of the app is being hosted - also used in `electron.js` to indicate the app is running in dev mode
* `EVENT_MARKER_PRODUCT_ID`![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The product ID of the event marker (e.g. `0487`).  If not set, it will use the `productID` set in `public/config/trigger.js` if available, or attempt to connect using the com name.
* `EVENT_MARKER_COM_NAME` ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The com name of the event marker (e.g. `COM3`). If not set, it will use the `comName` set in `public/config/trigger.js`.  If the productID is set (not an empty string), this field will be ignored.

> * `REACT_APP_VOLUME`![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-boolean-lightgrey)![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-buildtime-blue): whether the participant is being asked to adjust volume. This can be used when the task is running as a desktop app (electron). Not defining this variable is equivalent to setting it to `false`. Build-time and run-time values need to be the same.

Reviewer: We should discuss the last line of these paragraphs with @mcmcgrath13 . But if build-time and run-time values need to match, then we should try not to expose... @suivo2001 maybe we should send them all to the config file as you did [here](https://github.com/brown-ccv/honeycomb/blob/fc9885563d1a7074bfbffe50b063e494dc6635d1/package.json#L51)

Reviewer 2: @suivo2001 did you do the testing on whether these are runtime? I don't believe they are (for the `REACT_APP...` ones.
